Update Azure devops section to recommend using a service user (#548)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-cloud/cloud-configuring-dbt-cloud/cloud-import-a-project-by-git-url.md

### Azure DevOps

> To add a deploy key to an Azure DevOps account, navigate to the "SSH public keys" page in the User Settings of your user's Azure DevOps account or a service user's account. If possible, we recommend using a service user to mitigate issues like a user leaving the company. 

Reviewer: Love the sentiment here - think we can frame this differently

```suggestion
To add a deploy key to an Azure DevOps account, navigate to the "SSH public keys" page in the User Settings of your user's Azure DevOps account or a service user's account. We recommend using a dedicated service user for the integration to ensure that dbt Cloud's connection to Azure DevOps is not interrupted by changes to user permissions.
```

Author: That's so much better. Thank you!
